RN 40904 (#3918)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Basic_Functionality/Trending/Advanced_analytics_trending/Relation_learning/Adding_time_scoped_related_parameters_to_a_trend_graph.md

# Adding time-scoped related parameters to a trend graph

From DataMiner 10.3.8/10.4.0 onwards<!--RN 36434 -->, a light bulb icon will be displayed when you select a time range on the trend graph of a parameter. If you want to know which other parameters are related to this parameter, based purely on the behavior during the selected time range, then you can click this icon to add or view related parameters. Even if multiple curves are displayed on the same trend graph, the light bulb always shows relations with one specific parameter, whose name is mentioned in the light bulb tooltip.

> Prior to DataMiner 10.4.12/10.5.0<!-- RN 40904 -->, this feature only proposes parameters from the same DataMiner element and (starting from DataMiner 10.4.11<!--RN 40658-->) from other elements within the same service.

Author: ```suggestion
The feature proposes parameters from the same DataMiner service as well as the top parameters that are globally related. Prior to DataMiner 10.4.11/10.5.0<!-- RN 40904 -->, only parameters from the same DataMiner element are proposed. In DataMiner 10.4.12, parameters from other elements within the same service are also taken into account.
```
